They don't know that we know they know we know.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
The people with ideas have no power and the people with power have no ideas.
If you don't know what you want, how are you going to know when you get it?
Leave something for someone but don't leave someone for something.
If you have to ask you will never know, if you know you need only ask.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
Your memory is the glue that binds your life together.
I'm sure there are things you know that you don't even know you know.
You should never, never doubt something that no one is sure of.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
Make sure you marry someone who laughs at the same things you do.
You can't use the fire exit because you're not made of fire.
Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.
The person that has the most to do with what happens to you is you!
Things we can't see affect our lives much more than we think.
Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Sometimes the world as you know it just decides to become something else.
If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family...
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
Cleaning your house while kids are around is like shoveling the walk while it's still snowing.
I just want to be able to stand up straight for a little while before I get cut down.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.
I am not a religious man, but every now and then, a child comes along who makes me believe in the existence of Satan.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
People have the right to think and say whatever they want to. But you have the right not to take it to heart, and not to react.
After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.
It's easy not to abuse your power when you don't actually have any power.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
If you continue to do what you've always done, you will continue to have what you've always had.
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
I've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be.
Now is the time for resting. Some things are ill to hear when the world's in shadow.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
We know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.
There's no reason a fake can't do what the real thing would. And it's possible for a fake to be more real than the real thing.
Have you ever thought that if you can go back in time, you might still make the same decisions?
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.
There will come a time when all of us are dead.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.
When we remember we only get a version of the last time we remember it.
I love to type crazy stuff.
You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you can with just a kind word.
Thinking you know everything there is to know about something will only hold you back, because it prevents you from learning anything new.
You can't convince me what I want and what I need are separate things.
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
Are you trying to impress me? What would impress me more is if you never did that again.
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
You must learn from the mistakes of others because you can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows.
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little.
This is the second most tragic thing to happen in my life...
Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
If you didn't have me to rake you over the coals now and then, there wouldn't be any fire in your life at all.
This truth holds me close, rocking me like a child in a mother's arms.
What's the point of having great knowledge and keeping it all to yourself?
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.
Those who have made something of their lives will always look at those who haven't as clowns.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.
No one really knows why they're alive until they know what they'd die for.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
When everyone else was thinking it was time for bed, his mind was telling him it's time to get ahead of the competition.
They say that the best weapon is the one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.
Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.
What I am trying to say is the love is ours to make so we should make it.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
He misses the time he had with you. I miss the time I didn't have.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
Anything is edible if you deep fry it long enough.
You can always build a shrine to all the terrible things in the world, but it doesn't mean that you have to destroy anything that is good.
If you think anyone is sane you just don't know enough about them.
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.
I'd tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.
For as it is not one swallow or one fine day that makes a spring, so it is not one day or a short time that makes a man blessed and happy.
This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.
Stop the world and let me off, I'm tired of going round and round. I played the game of love and lost. So stop the world and let me off.
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.
Sometimes we get so wrapped up in getting what we want, that we forget to ask ourselves why we wanted it in the first place.
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live.
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for.
It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.
A book can give you an experience of someone's life in a few hours, and this is far more profitable than any sale that's going on.
We all require devotion to something more than ourselves for our lives to be endurable.
I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up.
They don't know our world but they know their own.
They had taken it all away from him now, they had turned away from him and there was nothing for him now. He was alone and there was nothing for him.
It's not a question but a lesson learned in time. It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right. I hope you had the time of your life.
In the midst of friends, home, and kind parents, she was alone.
You have to keep your mind as wide-open as your eyes, because almost nothing is what it seems.
I've got a cupboard with cans of food, filtered water, and pictures of you, and I'm not coming out until this is all over.
You don't make history by following the rules, you make it by seizing the moment.
Even good people are great at making bad decisions.
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
His ear heard more than what was said to him, and his slow speech had overtones not of thought, but of understanding beyond thought.
You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.
Never become used to anything you love. It blunts the edge of appreciation.
It had never occurred to him until then to think that literature was the best plaything that had ever been invented to make fun of people...
There's always happier days to remember. And the more screwed up things are, the happier those days seem to be.
I don't want to talk about it! Every time I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try. You're going to kick yourself in the butt for the rest of your life if you don't.
Well, we used to look up in the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
I pray every night that I may live after him; because I would rather be miserable than that he should be - that proves I love him better than myself.
Lights up and they know who you are, know who you are. Do you know who you are?
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now.
Sometimes the briefest moments capture us, force us to take them in, and demand that we live the rest of our lives in reference to them.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
The horrors of the Inquisition are nothing compared to the fates your mind can imagine for your loved ones.
Never say anything unless it is worth taking a long time to say.
Mind is not in any one place. Every cell in this body has its own intelligence. The brain is sitting in your head, but mind is all over the place.
For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow.
When I need to find something out, I just go out and look for somebody that knows more than me, and I go and ask them. Sometimes I ask pretty hard.
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.
The law clearly states that magic may be used before muggles in life threatening situations.
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you might find you get what you need.
All I really want is something beautiful to say.
I learnt long ago to hate my enemies, but I've never loved one before.
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
They're surrounding the city to make a fortress so that no one can see what they're up to inside. Our only chance is the element of surprise.
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?
Things didn't turn out the way they're supposed to, but what can you do? You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
A few minutes ago, I almost made the biggest mistake of my professional life and it was because I was doing something that just wasn't me.
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope that I find it along the way.
But when you lose something you love, faith takes over. You have to pay attention to what you lost. You have to undo the expectation.
And when he came to, he was flat on his back on the beach in the freezing sand, and it was raining out of a low sky, and the tide was way out.
What's the use you learning to do right when it's troublesome to do right and ain't no trouble to do wrong, and the wages is just the same?
The poor and the middle class work for money. The rich have money work for them.
You never know what a day will bring, which is both the good news and the bad news of life.
When has anyone ever told me I had the right to stop it all without my knuckles, or my anger, with just some simple words.
The world was reduced to the surface of her skin and her inner self was safe from all bitterness.
The blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone.
Losing you would end my life you see, 'cause you mean that much to me. You could have told me yourself that you loved someone else.
It's sad to say that kids unaccepted by their peers really never learn how to get along with people in the big grown up world.
It may sound like music to her. I can do better with my teeth in a cold shower.
There is nothing sweeter in this sad world than the sound of someone you love calling your name.
If a person can't answer directly to your question, it's either the answer is too painful for you to know or too hard for them to admit.
Believe me, the irony of being a blind art dealer isn't lost on me.
Educators say that understanding is the key to learning, but how do you understand something if you can't remember it.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
They say that money doesn't bring you happiness, I say neither does being broke, so let me suffer with a new car.
There is nothing a man cannot do once he accepts the fact that there is no god.
While monsters are mostly made of magic, human beings are mostly made of water.
I've been fighting to be who I am all my life. What's the point of being who I am, if I can't have the person who was worth all the fighting for?
Because you're like a story that hasn't happened yet. Because I want to see what you will do. I want to be part of the unfolding of the tale.
I still remember these old country lanes when we did not know the answers.
But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more, just to be the man who walks a thousand miles to fall down at your door.
As a young child my mother told me I could be anyone I want to be. Turns out this is called identity theft.
Sometimes I wish I never built this palace, but real love is never a waste of time.
You can tell from the lines on her face, you can see that she's been there. Probably been moved on from every place 'cause she didn't fit in there.
And brace for the glory as you stare into the sky.
Many people say that even if they don't know much about many things, at least they know what they like. But no, sorry sucker, hard luck!
And remember also that in fighting against man we must not come to resemble him. Even when you have conquered him, do not adopt his vices.
I had considered how the things that never happen are often as much realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished.
You remind me that I am a mere mortal and you are a prince of Faerie. Well, let me remind you that means you have much to lose and I have nothing.
I hated that having done the right thing was somehow considered wrong. And I hated that there didn't seem to be any other way to survive school.
In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life.
Sometimes terrible things happen, but there's nothing more terrible than not having anybody to tell it to.
And you can fly high as a kite if you want to, faster than light if you want to, speeding through the universe. Thinking is the best way to travel.
I would say that in the world of oddness, a man wearing two hats is no odder than an animal wearing one.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels.
If I could fall into the sky, do you think time would pass me by?
I do not know what evil is when it comes to art. I only know what is good art and what is bad art.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
It's where I learned about living, it's where I learned about love. It's where I learned about working hard, and having a little was just enough.
There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
Just because something bears the aspect of the inevitable one should not, therefore, go along willingly with it.
Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless. There is no intelligence where there is no need of change.
Good games offer players a set of challenging problems and then let them practice these until they have routinized their mastery.
If actions speak louder than words I'm the most deafening noise you've heard. I'll be that ringing in your ears that will stick around for years.
And now it's time for Silly Songs with Larry, the part of the show where Larry comes out and sings a silly song.
You once thought of me as a white knight on his steed. Now you know how happy I can be. Our good times start and end without dollar one to spend.
Cardan looks at me as though he's never seen me before. He looks at me as though no one has ever spoken to him like this. Maybe no one has.
There is no difference between time and any of the dimensions of space except that our consciousness moves along it.
People don't suffer from insanity, they love every minute of it.
Our emotions cloud our perceptions. It's no wonder this library is the most wonderful place on earth to you, but other people don't see it that way.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
Apparently, it only appears to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it.
Stay, you're not gonna leave me. This place is right where you need to be. And why your words gotta mean so much to them? They mean nothing to me.
We can experience nothing but the present moment, live in no other second of time, and to understand this is as close as we can get to eternal life.
Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad.
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print.
Remember that humor is written backwards. That means you first find the cliche you want to work on, then build a story around it.
It's just that I learned a while ago that the best way to get people to like you is not to like them too much.
You're horrible. You make up this story about demons talking to you through plastic animals when nothing talks to you just like nothing talks to me.
It was not the brutality of what occurred next that changed my mind and brought home to me the full meaning of fear. It was the brilliance of it.
You get tough like me and you don't get hurt. You look out for yourself and nothin' can touch you...
You can't get back what you've lost, what's important now is what is it that you still have.
There is a theory, for which there is much to be said, that gold and gems were valued originally on account of their supposed magical properties.
Why is it, every time something terrible happens, everyone tells you the worst thing that ever happened to them, as though that makes it easier?
Let me photograph you in this light, in case it is the last time that we might be exactly like we were before we realized we were sad of getting old.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed.
You must have a goal because it's just as difficult to reach a destination you don't have, as it is to come back from a place you've never been.
Your silence furnishes a dark house. But even at the risk of burning, the moth always seeks the light.
The highlander seemed to float through life very much the same as a cloud in an empty sky, touching nothing, leaving no trace of his passing.
Well, if that's how you feel about it, then that's how you feel about it. Is that how you feel about it?
I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
They say there is a person who will tell you how to survive in this land... oh wait. That's me.
We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.
You know when I was your age, I went out to fishing with all my brothers and my father, and everybody. And I was the only one who caught a fish.
I have a dream, a song to sing, to help me cope with anything. If you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the future even if you fail.
I'd pull your eyes out of your head, and put them in my own skull, and look around, so I could see the street the way I used to when I was your age.
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
I can hear those echoes in the wind at night calling me back in time, back to you, in a place far away where the water meets the sky.
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
When every card in the deck is stacked against you, the only way to win a hand is to break the rules.
For string theory to make sense, the universe should have nine space dimensions and one time dimension, for a total of ten dimensions.
Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness and I would have stayed up with you all night had I known how to save a life.
Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make.
Anywhere can be paradise, as long as you have the will to live. After all, you are alive, so you will always have the chance to be happy.
Did you know? There are three kinds of aces. Those who seek strength, those who live for pride, and those who can read the tide of battle.
All these fears and all this love, all you've given me, it's not enough. All my dreams and all this stuff, all made real... it's not enough.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
After several hours, Joe finally gave up on logic and reason, and simply told the cabinet that he could talk to plants and that they wanted water.
There are two ways of seeing: with the body and with the soul. The body's sight can sometimes forget, but the soul remembers forever.
Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
People are screwed up in this world. I'd rather be with someone screwed up and open about it than somebody perfect and ready to explode.
I had the brief notion that his heart, pressed flat as a flower, crimson and thin as tissue paper, lay in this file. It was a very thin one.
When you hit rock-bottom, you still have a way to go until the abyss.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
I only lose my fear when I run. I won't lose a tear when I run. I won't find a heart so I run. And now the time is right so we run.
Why would you pay for a cover band when you got the real deal right here, baby?
I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land.
You can have my isolation, you can have the hate that it brings, you can have my absence of faith, you can have my everything.
Now and again we try to just stay alive, maybe we'll turn it all around 'cause it's not too late. It's never too late.
Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone's life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
And I know that you got everything, but I got nothing here without you.
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly. All your life you were only waiting for this moment to arise.
It is at this point in our story that along comes a spider.
May you find the power in understanding the journey of others to help create your own.
I remember way back then when everything was true and when we would have such a very good time. Such a fine time, such a happy time.
But on this particular day I did not like the color of the sky.
Everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
You plonker, you think I don't know a toilet when I see one? You were going to flush me down the loo.
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
I always loved you, and if one loves anyone, one loves the whole person, just as they are and not as one would like them to be.
I've never been to this part of the castle, at least while awake. I sleepwalk you see, that's why I wear shoes to bed.
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
If you come soon you'll find breakfast on the table. If you come late you'll get grass and rain-water!
Sometimes you are too ashamed to leave. That was true now. And sometimes you need too much to know the facts, and so humbly and stupidly you stay.
You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain!
I know very few young people, but it seems to me that they are all possessed with an almost fatal hunger for permanence.
I could work at a problem for years, but to wait inactive for twenty-four hours - that is another matter.
Who cares if we don't see the sun shine ever again? I want you more than any blue sky. The weather can go crazy.
It's where the water flows, it's where the wind blows.
The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed.
If I am to serve both as a waitress and the butt of jokes, I think I should make more money.
So I walk into the sun. I thought you'd be there, but you could fool anyone. In the red water dust, will I see you soon, or did we move on?
If the world thinks you're a monster, what does it matter? The world is wrong. But when you start to think of yourself as a monster...
Even in the darkest times and places there were always good people. People who would help others out of the kindness of their hearts.
Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends; they wound those who resort to them worse than their enemies.
If I were to take even one step back right now, I get the feeling that I'd never be able to return back to where I'm standing right now.
What a charming reconciler and peacemaker money is!
I needed all the feelings to stop boiling like a pot of dal and be cool enough for me to taste them.
For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it.
Since painting embraces within itself all the forms of nature you have nothing omitted except the names, and these are not universal like the forms.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
When someone betrays your trust, it feels like a part of you dies. For me, I guess it was the part that cared.
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered?
Come on now, we're going to go build a mirror factory first and put out nothing but mirrors for the next year and take a long look in them.
You know better than you think you know, and you shall live to know me better yet.
We got questions we should not ask, but how would you feel if I told you I loved you? It's just something that I want to do.
The gentleman helps others to realize what is good in them; he does not help them to realize what is bad in them. The small man does the opposite.
All that is now, all that is gone, and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die.
Life is not the amount of breaths you take. It's the moments that take your breath away.
I get to thinking of all the things you said. You gave a promise to me, and I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me in everything I do.
I think you're still trying to figure out where you are. Where that ship of yours is. How to get back to that life.
What's morality? It's the difference between what is right and what you can rationalize.